Dad, didn't you say you were going to celebrate my birthday?
today
But our Jiang family celebrates Xiao Li's 22nd birthday
Sister, I was born this year.
Why is she only 12 candles short of her 25th birthday?
You'll find out later
Do you like the birthday gift from Sister Kobayashi?
I like it, thank you, sister, thank you, dad.
You are now under the control of the Jiang family
Swept out look
Parents who want to compete with me for the Jiang family
You don't deserve it.
Get away
Don't delay our birthday for Xiaoli
Dad, I am your biological son
What you said to me yesterday was so heartfelt
I'm also looking forward to you taking me home
I didn't expect it.
You don't even think of me as your son
Uh, Can
I know you are wronged
But you can only blame yourself for not meeting your expectations.
Can't blame the master for being biased
Kobayashi used this attitude to talk to your father
I am not his father
I have but one son.
It's Xiaoli
Only he is worthy to be the heir of my Jiang family
And you misbehaved
never get tired
They don't deserve to stay in our Jiang family at all
Now you are an adult
My parental obligations are over
Today I announce the end of father-son relations with you